feat: add EntityInterface (#8325)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/changelogs/v4.5.0.rst

Others
------

> - Update entity to use interface for better extensibility.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Entity:**
    - Added ``CodeIgniter\Entity\EntityInterface`` for better extensibility.
    - Now ``Entity`` implements ``EntityInterface``.
    - Now ``Model`` and ``Result`` classes use ``EntityInterface`` instead of ``Entity``.
```
